docs(governance): ledger provenance + prose ownership (#2619, #2620) — with its own review record (#2647)
Tr3kkR/Yuzu: governance.d/README.md

this README listed the fields and had already dropped `classification`, which is exactly the
second-copy drift the governance rule itself forbids.

## Reading the first fragment as a template

`2619-ledger-provenance-prose-ownership.sW31cX.jsonl` is the first ledger written and will
be copied. Several things in it are worth not copying.

> Exactly one finding in that run carries a `policy_floor` — `COL-1`, the collaborator row

Reviewer: issue(important) - this census is falsified by the fragment shipped in the same PR.

`jq -r 'select(.policy_floor != null) | .finding_id'` over `governance.d/2619-ledger-provenance-prose-ownership.sW31cX.jsonl` returns **two** rows, not one:

```
COL-1
ADV-1
```

`ADV-1`'s floor is `"false-green test offered as closure evidence for a blocking finding"`, and it survives its supersession under field-wise merge. `git blame` puts this sentence in `bcf6c339` (round 9) and the `ADV-1` row in `5030bcee` (round 10) - it went stale inside this branch, one round after it was written.

It is also itself a row count quoted from this README, which lines 85-88 forbid seven lines below: "This README quotes no row counts, deliberately: it stated them three times and was wrong three times... Compute counts from the fragment; never quote them from here."

The guidance is now actively misleading in the wrong direction: `ADV-1` is a far better model of an ordinary floored finding than `COL-1`, and the paragraph steers the reader away from it.

Fix - drop the census, keep the caveat:

```suggestion
Few rows carry a `policy_floor`; compute which from the fragment. `COL-1` is unusual - a process
```
